I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate. 
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I’ll ketch up
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens? Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say "Bach bach bach!"
